Snow resending mirrored attachments bug (#27117)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/ReleaseNotes/2_5_25.md

#### Integrations
##### ServiceNow v2

> - Fixed an issue where files mirrored from Snow would be mirrored again from Xsoar to service now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in **update-remote-data** command where files mirrored from ServiceNow would be mirrored again from XSOAR to ServiceNow.
```
